---
templateKey: agenda-post
language: fr
title: African Europeans - An Untold Story(discussion with author Olivette Otele)
slug: otele
date: 2021-02-15T16:35:39.507Z
description: Discussion with author Olivette Otele about her book African Europeans: An Untold Story moderated by Isaiah Lopaz
featuredpost: true
featuredimage: /img/templateevent.jpeg
tags:
  - discussion
year: '2021'
artists:
  - Kunstencentrum Vooruit

location: Zoom
datestart: 2021-03-10T18:00:00.000Z
dateend: 2021-03-10T21:30:00.000Z
fblink: /
---



Olivette Otele traces a long African European heritage through the lives of individuals both ordinary and extraordinary. She uncovers a forgotten past, from Emperor Septimius Severus, to enslaved Africans living in Europe during the Renaissance, and all the way to present-day migrants moving to Europe’s cities. By exploring a history that has been long overlooked, she sheds light on questions very much alive today—on racism, identity, citizenship, power and resilience. African Europeans is a landmark account of a crucial thread in Europe’s complex history.

Olivette Otele is Professor of the History of Slavery at the University of Bristol and Vice-President of the Royal Historical Society. She is an expert on the history of people of African descent and the links between memory, geopolitics and legacies of French and British colonialism.

Isaiah Lopaz is a transdiscplinary artist who works with photography, text, collage, and performance. Maintaining a socially engaged practice is essential to Lopaz who curates public conversations, facilitates workshops, writes about art and culture, lectures, and is a frequent media commentator. Themes and subjects central to his work include gender, race, sexuality, class, citizenship, Hoodoo, African and Afro-Diasporic histories and cultures. Born into a working class family in occupied Tongva territory, Lopaz is an African American of Geechee and Indigenous heritage. He identifies as queer and is a local of Los Angeles, Brussels, and Berlin.

Language: English
Location: Zoom webinar
Time: 10/3 from 19h - 20h30 CET
