---
templateKey: agenda-post
language: en
title: Black History Month Choir Celebration
slug: choir
date: 2022-02-20T21:29:24.937Z
description: >-
  In 2022, our focus will be on ‘the power of assembly.’ Documenting the
  different ways Black people in Belgium have gathered together throughout the
  years
featuredpost: true
featuredimage: /img/templateevent.jpeg
tags:
  - Choir Music
year: '2022'
artists:
  - Kunstcentrum Voo?uit
location: Gent
datestart: 2022-03-12T18:00:24.975Z
dateend: 2022-03-12T20:00:00.000Z
---
Location: Sint-Pietersnieuwstaat 23 in the Balzaal

Partners: Kunstcentrum Voo?uit

In 2022, our focus will be on ‘the power of assembly.’ Documenting the different ways Black people in Belgium have gathered together throughout the years and acted in concert to raise awareness, call into question and explore new ways of thinking, acting, being, creating, exploring and caring. Coming together for friendship, worship, play, sports, learning, commerce, protest, governing, mourning, healing, or celebration is fundamental. The Covid-19 pandemic of 2020 and 2021 and the protests against endemic racism in 2020 have brought new attention to our desire and need to assemble. Groups suddenly coming together in large numbers can be a source of hope. By asserting that we are still existing and taking up space, assembling is an expressive action and a politically significant event that can happen wordlessly in the course of any gathering. An assembly is not the act of gathering people. An assembly represents the essence of the people who have gathered and the synthesis of their knowledge and commitments. In this light we at Black History Month Gent would like to invite you to join us to celebrate the ‘power of assembly’ via a choir elebration. This would be a celebration completely in line with Christian spirit – a celebration of the African diasporic churches and their ability to bring all of us together in praise and worship.

Register and buy your tickets via this link: TBA
