---
templateKey: agenda-post
language: nl
title: An Assembly of Years in Arts
slug: arts
date: 2022-02-20T22:23:07.271Z
description: |
  Black History Month Belgium x Please Add Color x Fameus
  presents a group show : An Assembly of Years in Arts (Antwerp edition)
  curated by Kevin Kotahunyi 
featuredpost: true
featuredimage: /img/templateevent.jpeg
tags:
  - art
year: '2022'
artists:
  - Please Add Color x Fameus
location: Antwerp
datestart: 2022-03-18T13:00:07.303Z
dateend: 2022-03-27T16:00:00.000Z
---
Black History Month (BHM) is an annual celebration (during the month of March) of the resilience of the black community in the present and the past. It is an attempt to transform the way in which we represent the past and the present through conversations, exchange moments, lectures, film, debate, performances and exhibitions. Through a people's history/history from below (the past told from the perspective of everyday people instead of leaders) we strive to make history more honest/truthful and inclusive, so more about all of us, regardless of our socio-economic, ethnic or cultural backgrounds. The ultimate motivation is to demonstrate the importance of conserving and promoting cultural diversity and the right to culture for everyone in our society.

Kevin Kotahunyi founded the artistic and curatorial platform PLEASE ADD COLOR in May 2019. When he entered the art industry as an artist in 2018, he discovered that only 1% of visual art students in Antwerp turned out to be black. Proper guidance for these aspiring artists was also lacking.The broader ethos is one of collaboration, accessibility, progress, and collective support. There seems to be a great need for critical thinking and understanding what perspectives and solutions this new ethos in art can breed. Kotahunyi has been appointed curator for the Black History Month Belgium exhibition in March 2022 where a selection of artists with sub-Saharan roots will merge in a group exhibition in Antwerp and Brussels.

As the curator for BHM Belgium’s artistic programme, Kevin Kotahunyi rent a space in Antwerp from March 18 - 27, 2022 to coincide with BHM as well as with his exhibition plans in Brussels, in order to facilitate a more expansive program across the country in its two major art capitals.

LOCATION

\- Wilde Zee, Groendalstraat 20, 2000 Antwerp 

OPENING HOURS

March 18 until 27, 2022 

**Opening vernissage : March 18 from 18H-21H**

**March 19, 20, 25, 26, 27 from 14H-18H**

List of artists: 

* Samuel Lemba
* Kenneth James 
* Eugenie Boon
* Kenan Vanel Lamiel
* Bayunga Kia Leuka  
* Anthony Ngoya
* Pol Oliver
* Lisa Uchechi Ijeoma
* Hedy Tjin
* Marc Martha 
* Zoë Nkwuge
* David Katshiunga
* Carl Knight Hultin
